chore(badges): migrate plugin from MUI to Backstage UI (#10235)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/badges/.changeset/shiny-rice-mate.md

---
'@backstage-community/plugin-badges': minor
---

> Migrate the badges plugin from Material UI to Backstage UI by replacing legacy MUI components in `EntityBadgesDialog` with BUI equivalents and updating package dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING** Migrated from Material UI (MUI) to Backstage UI (BUI). This means that Backstage UI is now a requirement for this plugin, see the Backstage UI [installation documentation](https://ui.backstage.io/get-started/installation) for more details.
```
